CHG0020161 MCS SILVER - Enable Audit Log and MTU Probing (#105)
BCDevOps/platform-services-status-page-notifications: notifications/11-17-20-1500.md

**What is happening?**

CHG0020161 MCS SILVER - Enable Audit Log and MTU Probing

> OpenShift 4 generates audit logs of the hosts and API but does not collect them into the aggregated logging system on the platform by default. This change will adjust the logging configuration to ensure the logs are captured and retained.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenShift 4 generates audit logs of the hosts and API , however,  aggregated logging is not enabled on the platform by default. This change will adjust the logging configuration to ensure the logs are captured, aggregated and retained in the Silver cluster.
```
